well howdy there Internet people its
beau again happy Valentine's Day or
singles Awareness Day or whatever it is
you're celebrating if you're celebrating
anything at all and that kind of fits
most of this week the videos have been
kind of themed around tradition and
radical ideas and whether or not we
should hold your traditions and here we
are ending on Valentine's Day why are
people getting chocolates today nobody
has a clue right it's tradition it's
tradition it's what we've always done
don't question and we've just always
done it this way so we don't change so
the history of this the truth is nobody
knows nobody really knows exactly why
this is happening
why Valentine's Day is a thing the
popular theory and there there are a
couple but the one that has the most
weight behind it is there was a guy
named Valentine and Emperor Claudius ii
had banned soldiers from having wives
well Valentine he was a priest in Rome
and he didn't like that so he married
them in secret Emperor didn't like that
so he had him beheaded and he became a
saint and we get chocolates there's a
little bit more to that it really wasn't
all about love at initially there was
another reason we'll get to that but the
the the love the romantic aspect to it
didn't really come around till
Shakespearean times and Shakespeare made
it about love then the Industrial
Revolution hit and a hallmark made it
about cards that's what happened now
before then there there's a
there's a prelude the church chose the
day February 14th to be smack dab in the
middle of a pagan festival that was on
the 13th 14th and 15th it was three days
of music love nudity and it was
basically pagan Woodstock they would the
men would beat the women with bloody
hides to help their fertility and then
they would draw names out of a bucket
and that was your boyfriend or
girlfriend for the period of the
festival sometimes they'd get married
and we get chocolates it seems kind of
weird right when you examine traditions
sometimes you realize that they may not
be worth continuing you may realize that
they're a little outdated they may
realize that they have absolutely
nothing to do with what you thought they
had to do with the US has a lot of
traditions we have a lot of mythology
and we need to examine it but we're
headed into a period and we're probably
already in the period of social upheaval
and that's scary to some and I get that
but at the end of upheaval comes renewal
and that's when we're going to get to
decide where we're headed for the next
20 or 30 years if we know otherwise it's
going to be a return to the status quo
so now is the time to examine those
traditions and that mythology those
things that we hold dear and some of it
is not going to be comfortable but we
have to do it otherwise somebody with a
little bit of power and just come in and
plant something right in the middle of
our festival and that's what we'll get
remembered that's what will be the new
tradition that's what we'll be carried
down if the people on the bottom don't
make the choices and have a plan I
assure you the people on the top do
anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good day